hello how about friends welcome to a new tunnel of treasure and simple and in
this occasion I would teach you to work with the loops for
for those who do not know what loops are for
make up your mind
this is used when a known number of bs is desired literary
employee
as indecent one hour that is strongly increased
For this we use the following
It was the following functions
in this little box, let's say the loop for
pekin where is native of the canton the manna place the variable
i the initial value is to say circus as
van der sar where a
value will be dehydrated hundred
with step
step by step is to go step by step means that yes
husband where he was trainer one by one
the one who passes the following there are those who place him as the sequence of actions of
and we have to close always trust to make sure that each function has
its end
motorcycle lake to show in showing the natural numbers of the turn to 100
how modest web
with what when reading the title
numbers
natural
we begin with a stick of command a kiss
is equal to zero
hideki we put the call one hour
yes
initialist opensuse with the woman for the effect
We start with
in a word it is going to be written
as an end to be happy
the place
it is not necessary to place
phenomenon
let's say that it is necessary to place the variables because if they are not asking
place it curvature from 1 to 100 in this case and messi tell us
there were no flights
from the one to the month that we are entering saying that we place
lahore oils will be let's say we know the five get up to five
but as it is not expanding they placed natural smoke in a climb it will be like
a constant breasts did not take any validity
we need is to directly place the loop
in Colombia the 7
the time of madrid
here is where we place
the initial value is to say
that will be equal to one
until
with a final time trial
one is imminent 1
to the movies
and it will be equal to one ansa
say compassion
value of the pass in this case means
from honda engine sales and compassion follows from the horrendous
one by one but we request that you go one at a time
with step 1
Being the following
to write
I'm looking for it with Bogota and only
I would like false confine
it is worth that if not then it does not close confide stop an error
he says he needs to close for
you have to know who you pay with
that's not going to repeat facts to repeat until down
A) Yes
so far as it is let's say that
until it arrived
as you threw a value of 1 given moment
about death one hundred
perfect is going to follow 3 four five six seven seven chimneys and say it's not going
to follow
to say it
running we tested the algorithm
perfect we see that it arrives
from the farm
he does
depending on the homolog of flight fir harassment of the place and place
we throw
let's go to 8
can not see
3rd, serve to be many
much
let's say that the program and very later we will explain how we can
astarloa more complex problem
since in the center of the
the important thing is to learn how it is used among women
now let's say something else
yes
we want only the work to arrive as those that not only in missions
space a command stick a kiss
that will be equal to zero
fisher your name
pablo bristle
veil is not he but from 1 light dawn to courage
what do you enter here
pressed the value that we enter in this case
is the world tone
In this case, do
and that will be the same from 1
until
borrás were universities to the number that we know
with step 1 do is going to write this up to the shoulder that what we
we know
we try
and you will see that your name is a service
we place 5
one two three four or five
it looks like it's going
please only up to the number that we wish
profiles and we place with step two
fear in two
3 5 why or why there was or not
controls are three bad are five
shelter and two in two
good less
those who did not understand
I'll leave it
the algorithm of undocumented in destruction in the description of
video
for those who want
give your suggestion or pallero reviews
about problems that had come up
Algorithm that I had sent him so you can visit my facebook page
PC call and simplicity
remember to click on 'like' after
You can send your comment that I will gladly
it's okay
pending to help
for friends up here the video tutorial I hope you liked it as
improved
to do
it is understood
and remember to subscribe to my channel that
after
if I was still very new and I hope that
we will be fine
good friend I do not get wet until the next tutorial